Question 1
What is data visualization?

The communication of numerical or quantitative information in a visual manner.
Using information technology practices to search for and gather data
Using any process to capture any type of data.
Using cognitive meditation practices to memorize information

**answer**: The communication of numerical or quantitative information in a visual manner.

Question 2
Select each acceptable medium for a data visualization. (Select all that apply.)

Print
Modeling clay
Crayons on paper
An interactive web page

**answer: All of them 


Question 3
What kind of information is documented on the walls of the Lascaux Cave in Southern France, dating back to the Pleistocene era?

Astronomical information about the locations of stars.
Migration information about different herds of prey animals.
Geographical information about the locations of brontosaurus graveyards. 

**answer: 
Astronomical information about the locations of stars.


Question 4
The Turin Papyrus map is one of the earliest documented data visualizations. What is the map about?

The location of cholera cases
The location of stone needed to build an Egyptian tomb.
Napoleon's Russian campaign

**answer: The location of stone needed to build an Egyptian tomb.


Question 5
The information-seeking mantra states:

Visualization is good for cleaning up your data.
Overview first, zoom and filter, then details on demand.

**answer: Overview first, zoom and filter, then details on demand.


Question 6
What is the goal of visualization?

Pictures
Insights

**answer: Insights


Question 7
Which Tableau product is free and used to make new visualizations?

Tableau Public
Tableau Desktop
Tableau Prep

**answer：Tableau Public


Question 8
What is the most important skill to use when you are making a data visualization with a new tool? 

Brute force
Responsive design
Patience
Deciding when it’s done

**answer: Patience


Question 9
Who is the most important person involved in you making a visualization?

Your end user
Your mom
Your boss
You as the builder

**answer: Your end user


Question 10
When making a visualization, it is important to stick to using the tool defaults.

False
True

**answer: False
